# 3.5.0:
### Enhancements
 - Rebirth will no longer remove equipped gear or backpack gear. Loot will still be wiped & Legendary/Ascended gear will still degrade.
 - Reduce cooldown time of changing loadouts to 1 minute.
 - Reduce cooldown of bank atransfer to another player to 30 seconds.
 - Allow trading between any rebirth levels
 - Allow max daily exp bonus to be set up to 1000% (10x multiplier)

# 3.5.1:
### Enhancements
 - Ranger changes:
    - Reduced forage cooldown to a flat 30min.
    - Remove pet catch cooldown completely. You can now free & try to catch a new pet immediately.

# 3.5.2:
### Enhancements
- Bard changes:
   - Scale bard rewards (XP and gold) based on their Charisma stat instead of Attack/Strength and Int.

# 3.5.3:
### Bugfixes
- Fix issue equipped items are lost on rebirth.

# 3.5.4:
### Enhancements
- Ranger changes:
  - Add dialog confirmation for pet capture.
  - Reduce the number of pets in the list.

# 3.5.5:
### Enhancements
- Ranger changes:
    - Clean up pet command messages.
    - Scale up proc rate for pet bonus based on Charisma (1% extra per 100 Charisma)
- Negaverse bottom 50% of low bonus exp rolls have been removed.
- Reduced randomness of item prices when selling.
  - Items on average will sell about the same as before; however, the
    ceiling has been lowered & the floor raised on any given transaction.
- Cart updates:
  - Cart now sells 10-12 items instead of 3-10 items.
  - Cart items will cost ~1.25x of its sale price (i.e. selling the item back will get you back 80% of your gold).
  - Cart can now stock Set and Ascended items. Update chance on item spawns:
    - Set: 0.2% (new)
    - Ascended: 1.8% (new)
    - Legendary: 15% (previously 5%)
    - Epic: 35% (previously 25%)
    - Rare: 35% (same as previous of 35%)
    - Normal: 13% (previously 35%)

### Fixes
- Attempt to fix issue where dozens of dragons will spawn on reload if a strong party is around.

# 3.5.6:
### Fixes
- Fix cart string & set size to 10 to prevent HTTP failure through discord message API (max body length is 2000).

# 3.5.7:
### Fixes
- Fix negaverse exp multiplier.

# 3.5.8:
### Fixes
- Fix Ranger exp bonus to be additive with day bonus & set bonus instead of multiplicative.
- Fix cart prices not rounded to nearest integer.

# 3.5.9
### Fixes
- Selling items will not longer scale up with Luck.
- Increase shopping cart multiplier to appropriate range between min & max base seed values.

# 3.5.10
### Fixes
- Fix an issue where can't buy item if the name is too long.